hi i'm joe zoom look at the comic base
team one of the best features in comic
base is how easy it makes it to sell
your books on atomic Avenue but once
those orders start coming in it's going
to be up to you to make sure they get to
their new home and the same condition
they left yours in so to help you with
that I'm here to show you how we packed
the books that we sell to start let's
talk supplies you'll need a printer to
create packing slips and shipping labels
preferably one with the feed tray you'll
also need a tape gun with packing tape
and of course boxes and packing material
it's also handy to have prior to mail
flat rate envelopes and custom form
envelopes used for international
shipping both are available for free
from your post office when a sale comes
in it'll show up on your atomic Avenue
homepage under the recent activity
section click on the order number and
you can print out a packing list once
you've gathered up the books it's time
for the Box forward ISM 1-2-3 comics we
like to use you lines 11 and 1/8 by 8
and 5/8 craft easy fold mailer model
number s1 65 this box is scored so it
can be folded to various depth so one
box can be used for different order
sizes
when packing box the common
misconception is that you want to armor
the contents when your goal should
really be doing mobilize them think of
this as wearing a cast
rather than elbow pads packing paper or
newspapers should be added to fill in
extra space
fold the box close as tightly as you can
and seal it with tape
use more tape to seal the edges
give it a light shake when you're done
and if you don't hear anything move
you've done a good job four orders a
four to twelve comics or those involving
trade paperbacks we like to use a USPS
priority mail flat rate envelope and a
couple of cardboard inserts these also
come from Uline as model number s to 437
place your books between the two
cardboard slabs and it will fit snugly
in the envelope
this technique is similar to how
delicate photos are shipped and prevents
the package from bending the self seal
will hold the package close but we found
that adding a piece of tape has lowered
the number of books lost in transit
for orders over 12 books or for large or
unusually sized books the Uline s 165
usually works but use whatever box is
appropriate pack it the same way as a
smaller order by filling in the empty
space with paper and closing the box as
tightly as possible pay special
attention to the corners
if you're using a resizable box like the
s 165 with larger orders make sure you
pay attention to the edges of the box
seal the edges like you would wrap a
present this adds strength to the
structure of the box now that the box is
ready it's time to create a shipping
label we use stamps com to print our
labels this saves us money on shipping
and allows us to print an exact postage
for each package from the comfort of our
office since it's metered the post
office is happy to pick it up along with
a regular mail so we don't need to waste
a lot of time running packages down to
the post office for domestic shipments
we use labels provided by stamps comm
that feed through the manual tray of our
printer after you've entered the
shipping address and weight select the
package type in service first class and
Priority Mail automatically include
tracking but be sure to add tracking if
you're using another class of mail
service we ship most of our packages
either first class or Priority Mail but
some of the larger orders that have
qualified for free shipping go out via
media mail there are some restrictions
on the type of comics that can be sent
this way so check with your local
postmaster to be sure for orders valued
over $75 atomic Avenue includes an
allowance for insurance so be sure to
select it if you're offering free
shipping you should still consider
ensuring the package the process for
international packages is very similar
instead of a self-adhesive label stamp
gum will print to a regular piece of
paper this is folded and stuffed into
the custom forms envelope which is then
attached to the package
once your box is packed and labeled
market is shipped on atomic Avenue be
sure to include the service used and the
tracking number you can type the
tracking number from the label with your
keyboard or if you have a barcode
scanner simply scan the label then click
the market ship button and confirm that
it's ready to go marking the order
shipped will trigger the system to send
your payment and in about two weeks the
money will be deposited into your PayPal
account that's it for today for more
videos on comic base anatomic avenue
click the subscribe button thanks for
watching and happy selling we'll see you
next time